= crags

A library to help search across multiple craigslist locations.

== Usage

There are two ways to search craigslist using crags. You can search by keyword
in a single location scoped to a category. You can also search by keyword
across a country scoped by category. Each search type also has a set of
configurable options.

=== Single Location Search

Options:
  :keyword
    default: bicycle (because bicycles are awesome)
  :location
    default: sfbay.craigslist.com (because that is where it all began)
  :category
    default: for sale (because buying another bike is always a good idea)

Locations and Categories are full-on Ruby objects. You can get all of the
Categories using:
  Category.all

Search a single craigslist location (e.g. sfbay.craigslist.com)
  s = Search::Location.new(:keyword => 'shoes')
  s.keyword     # shoes instead of bicycle
  s.location    # the sfbay Location
  s.category    # the 'for sale' Category
  s.items       # a set of Items that match the search criteria

Each Item has a title, url (which is the link to the item on craigslist), and
a date, which is the date the item was posted on craigslist.

=== Country Search

Options:
  :keyword
    default: bicycle (because bicycles are awesome)
  :category
    default: for sale (because buying another bike is always a good idea)
  :country
    default: us (because that is where I live)
  :interval
    default: 1 (because hammering the cl servers will make em' angry)

Country searches are a combined set of individual location searches. Crags
imposes a 1 second delay between each location search in order not to overload
the Craigslist servers. You can change this at your own risk, but doing a lot
of country wide searches with a 0s interval will probably get your IP banned.

== Installation

  gem install crags

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests 

* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but
  bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2009 Justin Marney. See LICENSE for details.
